content/about/tech-stack.mdx, before:

---
title: "Tech Stack"
slug: "tech-stack"
description: "My tech stack"
---

I was loving working with:

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org): For a fast and easy way to use React.
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org): For a strongly typed language.
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com): Because no one likes writing CSS anymore.
- [Vercel](https://vercel.com): For hosting and deployment.
- [Clerk](https://clerk.dev): For authentication and user management.
- [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com): For a modern and customizable UI library.

But I am ditching Vercel's stuff more and more in favor of the tanstack ecosystem.

At work at DNB, I was using the following technologies:

- [React.js](https://react.dev): For a fast and easy way to use React.
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org): For a strongly typed language.
- [Styled Components](https://styled-components.com): For styling React components.
- [Redux](https://redux.js.org): For state management.
- [Azure web apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/app-service/web/): For hosting and deployment.

But in my graduate job, I was able to push all in in tanstack:

- Tanstack Router: Type safety everywhere.
- Tanstack Query: Server components are over-rated, let me fetch where I want.
- Tanstack Table: What else?
- shadcn/ui: looks good.

I was a big Vercel fan, but they took a weird direction with their products lately so I'm going off a bit.

Commit message:

feat: cool model and better context

content/about/tech-stack.mdx, after:

---
title: "Tech Stack"
slug: "tech-stack"
description: "My tech stack"
---

I love working with:

- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org): What could we do without Type Safety?
- [React.js](https://react.dev): Components with inline markup is the way. Don't listen to the jealous Svelte and Vue detractors.
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com): Because no one likes writing CSS anymore.
- [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com): Is there even anything to explain here?
- [Tanstack/**](https://tanstack.com/): I fell into it, every package is so good.
- [better-auth](https://www.better-auth.com/): They know a thing or two about great DX.
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org): I am not as big of a fan as I was before, and I'm tired of dealing with hydration errors, but for a full stack framework it's still a good framework.
- [Vercel](https://vercel.com): For hosting and deployment (who doesn't love a good free tier, and still awesome UX).


At previous jobs, I was unfortunatly forced to use the following technologies:

- [Styled Components](https://styled-components.com): For styling React components, which doesn't resolve any CSS issues, but create more instead. I don't even understand the idea being it, just use CSS modules and stop being weird.
- [Emotion](https://emotion.sh/docs/introduction): Even worse.
- [Redux](https://redux.js.org): For state management, actually quite good, I like Redux RTK.
- [Azure web apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/app-service/web/): For hosting and deployment, the slow and hard and expensive way.

I'm on Linux at work (on Windows at my previous job, still have nightmares about it) and Mac at home (still the best). I code on [Zed](https://zed.dev/) with VIM mode (YES, I use VIM btw.). I'm on Arc/Zen.
